README.md, before:

# Predis Adapter

## Intro
This is my custom [predis](https://github.com/predis/predis) wrapper for future work based on this work. It is a refactor of classes and tools I've developed and have used in many projects for years..


## Install
In order to work this need php8 and some classical php extensions plus a **local redis server** (for testing purpose) and **docker to test multiples instances of redis servers**.
```bash
apt install php8.1 php8.1-cli php8.1-common php8.1-mbstring php8.1-opcache
```

and perhaps other packages are required for composer to work smoothly
```bash
apt install php8.1-xml php8.1-http php8.1-dom
```


## Dev
install redis servers with docker (you will need a valid docker and docker-compose on your system)
```bash
docker pull redis
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up -d
```


## TODOs
- merge both adaptee projects in on RedisAdapter
- improve CS fixer\
check on [my PHPRedis project](https://github.com/llegaz/PHPRedisAdpter) for even better performances !


## Contributing
You're welcome to propose things. I am open to criticism as long as it remains benevolent.



---
@see you space cowboy
---

Commit message:

Refacto to livrable (#2)
* refacto and test on phpredis side predis part functionnal

* DP and logic seems OK, now concentrate on tests refactoring

* Clients Pool Static class fixed

* again an episode of refactoring on the main adapter (gateway) class, now concentrate on tests and fix everything

* Units OK

* still refactoring tests

* please try to KISS

* KISS now please especially with persitent connections

* dumps removed

* last fixes

README.md, after:

# Predis Adapter

## Intro
This is my custom [predis](https://github.com/predis/predis) wrapper for future work based on this work. It is a refactor of classes and tools I've developed and have used in many projects for years..


## Install
```bash
composer require llegaz/redis-adapter
composer install
```
### env
In order to work this need php8 and some classical php extensions plus a **local redis server** (for testing purpose) and **docker to test multiples instances of redis servers**.
```bash
apt install php8.1 php8.1-cli php8.1-common php8.1-mbstring php8.1-opcache
```

and perhaps other packages are required for composer to work smoothly
```bash
apt install php8.1-xml php8.1-http php8.1-dom
```


## Dev
install redis servers with docker (you will need a valid docker and docker-compose on your system)
```bash
docker pull redis
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up -d
```


## Contributing
You're welcome to propose things. I am open to criticism as long as it remains benevolent.


Stay tuned, by following me on github, for new features using [predis](https://github.com/predis/predis) and [PHP Redis](https://github.com/phpredis/phpredis/).

---
@see you space cowboy
---
